chore(sdk): improve npm documentation (#4205)
iotaledger/iota: sdk/kiosk/README.md

# Kiosk SDK

> Kiosk SDK is part of the **IOTA Rebased SDK**, designed specifically for interacting with the IOTA Rebased protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@iota/kiosk` is part of the **IOTA Rebased SDK**, designed specifically for interacting with the IOTA Rebased protocol.
```

> > **Note**: This package is currently supported in **only in Testnet and Devnet**, and is **not yet supported in Mainnet**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: This package is currently supported **only in Testnet and Devnet**, it is **not yet supported in Mainnet**.
```

This Kiosk SDK library provides different utilities to interact/create/manage a
[Kiosk](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota/tree/develop/kiosk).

[You can read the documentation and see examples by clicking here.](https://docs.iota.org/references/ts-sdk/kiosk)

## Install

To use the Kiosk SDK in your project, run the following command in your project root:

```sh npm2yarn
npm i @iota/kiosk @iota/iota-sdk
```

To use the Kiosk SDK, you must create a [KioskClient](https://docs.iota.org/references/ts-sdk/kiosk/kiosk-client/introduction) instance.

## Setup

> You can follow the example to create a KioskClient. The client currently supports MAINNET and TESTNET. View next section for usage in other networks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can follow this example to create a KioskClient.
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```typescript
```

> import { KioskClient, Network } from '@iota/kiosk';

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import { KioskClient } from '@iota/kiosk';
```

import { getFullnodeUrl, IotaClient, Network } from '@iota/iota-sdk/client';

// We need a IOTA Client. You can re-use the IotaClient of your project
// (it's not recommended to create a new one).

> const client = new IotaClient({ url: getFullnodeUrl(Network.TESTNET) });

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const client = new IotaClient({ url: getFullnodeUrl(Network.Testnet) });
```

// Now we can use it to create a kiosk Client.
const kioskClient = new KioskClient({
    client,

>     network: Network.TESTNET,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    network: Network.Testnet
```

Reviewer 3: Or `Network.Testnet` because that is the enum

Reviewer 2: Yes, should be `Network.Testnet`

});
```

> You can read the kioskClient documentation to query kiosk data [here](https://docs.iota.org/references/ts-sdk/kiosk/kiosk-client/querying).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can read the KioskClient documentation to query kiosk data [here](https://docs.iota.org/references/ts-sdk/kiosk/kiosk-client/querying).
```
